hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and welcome to the third episode of my
laptop setup a series where I feature
the laptop setup that you guys submit as
well as showcase whatever it is that you
do with your gear and this week's
episode is themed around 3d modeling and
design our first submission is from Loya
is a 17 year old kid from France he's
running a 17 inch Asus x7 5 1 which is
an older laptop he's running a porsche
design 1 terabyte drive from let's see
really nice-looking drive I love that
thing 4 inputs he's using a CM storm
Devastator keyboard and a pair X MX 3000
Mouse and when he's not mobile and he's
working at home he connects up to a
higher monitor so Loic works with 3ds
Max and Photoshop and from the looks of
his renders he really likes doing
architecture stuff so he's got a handful
of exterior building renders and
interior design renders and it looks
like a lot of them are using multiple
light sources which probably crank up
render times on his particular laptop
and he's got a couple more complex
pieces where he's done some Photoshop
work to add in some backgrounds so
here's the thing Lloyd's setup isn't
super cool or anything but what he does
with it was really impressive and he
actually attached a note that I wanted
to share with you guys
he wrote even if you don't have your
dreams set up with love and patience
you're able to get closer to what you
want and that's been my experience even
with a lot of crashes lag and long
render times you're able to create some
3d stuff like this even if it's not
perfect and that to me is the embodiment
of my laptop setup gear is cool but what
you do with it is that much better thank
you for your submission lauric that was
really neat ok next up is Brandon his
main laptop is the Microsoft Surface
book this made me very happy to see I
really liked the surface book it was
such a cool idea and Microsoft designed
this thing for people like Brandon if
you're unfamiliar it's a powerful tablet
that becomes even more powerful when you
connect it to the keyboard because
there's a graphics card inside the
keyboard he's using the Logitech MX
master mouse that's a very popular mouse
amongst content creators I actually used
one a lot in the office he's using a
nexus 6p with a bamboo skin from d brand
and that pairs nicely with his Huawei
watch which i think is one of the best
smart watches on the market right now
he's also using a Samsung Galaxy Tab
which I'm assuming is for lightweight
media consumption and he also carries
the JBL 1 plus earphones and a Samsung
and X 1000 camera so brandon's renders
are done in Google Sketchup he submitted
some phones
some of which are renders of existing
phones like the s7 edge and there's one
of the one plus three and he's also
included a phone that he designed
himself I think that kind of looks like
a mix between a galaxy phone with the
curved back but the front looks like a
Nexus 6p
which I think for a lot of people would
be a dream phone like if Samsung made a
nexus phone that would be awesome
also in this photo I noticed you're
working on something with multiple phone
layers which I thought was pretty neat
so Thank You Brandon for your submission
it's really cool to see someone with a
surface book as their main device
alright last up we have Jesper he's also
using a surface device but he's got the
surface pro 4 with the gray keyboard
he's using a Lumia 950 Windows Phone and
the mouse he's using is the Microsoft
design our Bluetooth I've never actually
seen this mess before but it looks super
clean and to protect the surface pro 4
he's using the incipio specialist sleeve
and for headphones he's using the sony
MDR xB 450 so it's a full microsoft set
up the photography episode I did last
week had a ton of Apple hardware this
week not a single piece of Apple
hardware in sight
okay so Jesper submitted a bunch of what
looks like art assets for games some
full scenes and some individual assets
some of these look really good nicely
done stuff good lighting great textures
and even the modeling itself is really
well done so he created a game called
elemental onslaught for a three week
project at school it's a free game I've
linked it below if you want to check it
out and he also did a review of the
surface pro on his YouTube channel which
I've also linked below but that's it for
this week's episode it was on 3d
designers hope you guys enjoyed it next
week's episode is on something quite
different if you're interested in
submitting your own stuff check the
video description below there's full
instructions there and if you've already
submitted and you didn't see your
content don't worry just look for a
future episode that might fit your
submission a little bit better if you're
interested vote as to who you thought
was your favorite entry and last thing
about the prizes I'm very close to
finishing the details about that future
video coming up
that's it hope you guys enjoyed the
video thumbs if you liked it
subs if you loved it it's been nice I'll
see you guys next time